1)    Chinese

And of course, save the best for the last!! “The outside world defines as Chinese cuisine as not a true cuisine but rather a composite of distinct regional cuisines.” – Howard Hillman.

2)    French

“Overall, the cooking ofFranceis the best in the Western World. And its classical and regional cuisines are superb”- Howard Hillman

3)    Italian

 Italian cuisine is characterized by its extreme simplicity, with many dishes having only four to eight ingredients.Italian chefs mainly rely on the quality of the ingredients rather than on elaborate preparation.

 4)    Indian

Kind of upset that it didn’t make first place since it’s my absolute favorite but fourth place will do. Indian cuisine is not a single cuisine but a collection of differing regional cuisines; each is its own distinct Indian food.5)    Japanese

5)    Japanese
“Though more complex cuisines exist, none comes close to matchingJapan’s culinary aesthetics.”- Howard Hillman6)    Moroccan
6)    Moroccan
Its most popular dish internationally is couscous and simply described as small pellet-sized “pasta” made from semolina flour. Couscous is typically plated under a main dish.

7)    Spanish

There is no true Spanish cuisine but rather composed of many distinct regional cuisines. Either way, it’s AHH-MAAAAZING!

8)    Thai

Thai is one of my absolute favorite; you can never go wrong with it! I do advise if you have a peanut or coconut allergy, double check the ingredients before ordering anything.


9)    Turkish

“Turkish cuisine is a Middle Eastern culinary marriage – and the nation has some of the most dedicated and talented cooks on earth.” -Howard Hillman

10) Indonesian

Indonesian cuisine varies greatly by region and has many different influences. The food is usually chili hot and complexly seasoned with aromatic herbs and spices. “Bland” does not exist in their vocabulary.



Delicious food is made all over the world and every region has its own characteristics. From the hot and spicy Asian kitchen,..

Delicious food is made all over the world and every region has its own characteristics. From the hot and spicy Asian kitchen, through the exquisitely staged dishes of France to the barbeques of Northen America you can be ensured to never go hungry if you are open and willing to try new taste experiences. It is impossible to objectively decide which cuisine is most delicious, but if you consider your taste buds, they know what will make you mouth water.

Vote 'Italian' up
1st
Vote 'Italian' down	Italian
Home of the pasta and the pizza, Italian food is simple dishes with only a few ingredients but of extraordinary quality. Tomatoes and basil, olive oil and Prosciutto de Parma are typical Italian products. Full Italian meals have been known to contain ten different courses from Aperitivo to Caffe. Italians are also known for their fondness of desserts like cheese, cake, icecream, fruit, sweets and cookies.

Received 70 points in total, and 14% votes.
Vote 'Indian' up
2nd
Vote 'Indian' down	Indian
Hot curries with lots of chili and a side of raita to cool down. Dishes are based on rice and often vegetarian or with sea food. Coriander, ginger, cumin, cardamon, saffron and nutmeg a favored flavour makers.

Received 65 points in total, and 14% votes.
Vote 'Turkish' up
3rd
Vote 'Turkish' down	Turkish
Turkish cuisine is largely the heritage of Ottoman cuisine, which can be described as a fusion and refinement of Central Asian, Caucasian, Middle Eastern, Mediterranean and Balkan cuisines. Turkish cuisine has in turn influenced those and other neighbouring cuisines, including those of Western Europe. The Ottomans fused various culinary traditions of their realm with influences from Middle Eastern cuisines, along with traditional Turkic elements from Central Asia (such as yogurt), creating a vast array of specialities - many with strong regional associations.
Received 58 points in total, and 7% votes.
Vote 'Mexican' up
4th
Vote 'Mexican' down	Mexican
Chicken, tamales, tortillas, gorditas, corn, rice and beans are the basics of Mexican food. Spiced up with lots of chili, cinnamon, cumin, garlic and onions. Sweet potatoes, peanuts, avokado, guava, tomato and chocolate also find their way into mexican meals.

Received 53 points in total, and 8% votes.
Vote 'Thai' up
5th
Vote 'Thai' down	Thai
Stir-fried rice and noodle dishes with lots of vegetables and curry-sauces. Chili is widely used as well as thai basil, lemon grass and coconut.

Received 53 points in total, and 6% votes.
Vote 'Greek' up
6th
Vote 'Greek' down	Greek
Lamb, sea food, olives, tomatoes and Feta cheese. Greek food consist of pita, gyros, tzatziki and souvlaki often served with Retsina or Ouzo. Garlic, mint, thyme, oregano and honey are often used as flavour makers.

Received 41 points in total, and 4% votes.
Vote 'Japanese' up
7th
Vote 'Japanese' down	Japanese
You cannot avoid the sushi, but Japanese cooking is so much more. Based on noodles or rice the Japanese meals are usually made of sea food, tofu or vegetables. Ingredients are grilled, simmered, deep-fried, steamed, dressed or raw (sashimi).

Received 41 points in total, and 4% votes.
Vote 'Chinese' up
8th
Vote 'Chinese' down	Chinese
Most meals are served in bite-sized pieces ready to be picked up by chopsticks. Basics include rice and noodles. Meat includes every variety known to man. Vegetables including chilies are always a part of the dishes as well as fish sauce.

Received 37 points in total, and 5% votes.
Vote 'French' up
9th
Vote 'French' down	French
Home of the gourmet meal and the Michelin Guide, French cooking is known for its class and superb ingredients. Onions, foie gras, truffles, sea food, crossaints and the baguette, everything arranged with exceptional attention to detail and served with a glass of wine.

Received 30 points in total, and 3% votes.
Vote 'Spanish' up
10th
Vote 'Spanish' down	Spanish
Paella and tapas, stews, chorizo, serrano ham, beans and sea food. Spanish food is also potato tortillas and Gazpacho soup.

Received 26 points in total, and 3% votes.
Additional items
This list is limited to 10 primary items. Additional items are phased out after a period of time, if they do not get sufficient votes. If you think, any of the additional items below should become primary and permanent, then please give them your vote.

Vote 'Lebanese' up
11th
Vote 'Lebanese' down	Lebanese
Lebanese cuisine includes an abundance of starches, whole grain, fruits, vegetables, fresh fish and seafood; animal fats are consumed sparingly. Poultry is eaten more often than red meat. When red meat is eaten it is usually lamb on the coast, and goat meat in the mountain regions. It also includes copious amounts of garlic and olive oil, often seasoned by lemon juice, olive oil, herbs, garlic and lemon are typical flavors found in the Lebanese diet.

Received 19 points in total, and 3% votes.
Vote 'Arab' up
12th
Vote 'Arab' down	Arab
Couscous, shish kebab, hummus, baklawa and falaffel. Dates, garlic, yogurt, rice and lots of spices like cinnamon, safran, cumin and saffron make up the Arabian cuisine. Salad is often served as a side dish.

Received 15 points in total, and 2% votes.
Vote 'Caribbean' up
13th
Vote 'Caribbean' down	Caribbean
Rice, chicken and seafood are everywhere in the Caribbean cuisine. Vegetables and fruits like papaya, lime and mango are parts of many dishes as well as coconut, ginger, nutmeg and cinnamon.

Received 13 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'English' up
14th
Vote 'English' down	English
Fish and chips, pies and stews are the foods often associated with The British Isles. English breakfast consisting of white beans, bacon, tomatoes, scrambled eggs, sausages and hash browns are also widely known worldwide.

Received 12 points in total, and 2% votes.
Vote 'German' up
15th
Vote 'German' down	German
Potatoes, pork, beef and poultry - often pot-roasted - provide the meals for many Germans. Sausages, sauerkraut and strudel are also widely eaten. Served with a mug of beer.

Received 11 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Vietnamese' up
16th
Vote 'Vietnamese' down	Vietnamese
Received 10 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Korean' up
17th
Vote 'Korean' down	Korean
Received 8 points in total, and 2% votes.
Vote 'Moroccan' up
18th
Vote 'Moroccan' down	Moroccan
Received 7 points in total, and 4% votes.
Vote 'North American' up
19th
Vote 'North American' down	North American
Hot dogs, burgers, hot wings, french fries and spareribs are commonly identified with the North American barbeque food style. Soup, sea food, chicken and a good steak are also commonly eaten, but like most other thing in North America the cuisine is a melting pot of different tastes brought in from all over the world.

Received 7 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Middle Eastern' up
20th
Vote 'Middle Eastern' down	Middle Eastern
Based on vegetables, beans, nuts, fruit, meat and the sesami paste tahini. Dishes include the meze - a collection of many small tapas-like dishes served together - falaffel, hummus, kofta and Baba Ghanoush.

Received 5 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Peruvian' up
21th
Vote 'Peruvian' down	Peruvian
Received 5 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Jamaican' up
22th
Vote 'Jamaican' down	Jamaican
Received 4 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Ethiopian' up
23th
Vote 'Ethiopian' down	Ethiopian
Received 3 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Philippines' up
24th
Vote 'Philippines' down	Philippines
Received 3 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'African' up
25th
Vote 'African' down	African
Rice, grains, vegetables, milk and all kinds of meat. Fruit is a valuable part of many meals. Maize and peanuts are widely used as well as chilies and sweet potatoes.

Received 1 point in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Malaysian' up
26th
Vote 'Malaysian' down	Malaysian
Received 1 point in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Russian' up
27th
Vote 'Russian' down	Russian
Fish, game, mushrooms and root vegetables form the basics of Russian cuisine. Soups like the Borsch made out of beets and tomatoes are widely recognised. Meat is usually boiled or baked. Blini and pirozhki also originate from Russia. Meals are often served with a drink of vodka.

Received 1 point in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Australian' up
28th
Vote 'Australian' down	Australian
Australian cuisine is severely influenced by globalisation, but barbequed meats of all varieties including kangaroo and emu are often associated with Australia. Other dishes include roast meats, vegetables, casseroles, pasta, risotto and curries.

Received 0 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Polish' up
29th
Vote 'Polish' down	Polish
Received -1 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'South American' up
30th
Vote 'South American' down	South American
Potatoes, rice, maize, quinoa, sea food, lamb, venison, cassava, fruits and vegetables. Empanadas, sandwiches, schnitzels, pasta and beef steaks are also enjoyed although with large regional differences.

Received -1 points in total, and 0% votes.
Vote 'Brazilian' up
31th
Vote 'Brazilian' down	Brazilian
Received -2 points in total, and 1% votes.
Vote 'Nigerian' up
32th
Vote 'Nigerian' down	Nigerian
Received -2 points in total, and 0% votes.
Vote 'Scandinavian' up
33th
Vote 'Scandinavian' down	Scandinavian
Potatoes and minced meat often in a thick butter-based brown gravy. Fish and porridge made of rye or rice is part of many meals. A new gourmet cuisine is dawning in Scandinavia and Danish restaurant Noma won the San Pellegrino Award as the best restaurant in the world in 2010.

